A try to change the wording for overriding the brokers config, on a per broker base (#5165)
knative/docs: docs/eventing/broker/kafka-broker/README.md

  # Number of topic partitions
  default.topic.partitions: "10"
  # Replication factor of topic messages.
  default.topic.replication.factor: "3"
  # A comma separated list of bootstrap servers. (It can be in or out the k8s cluster)
  bootstrap.servers: "my-cluster-kafka-bootstrap.kafka:9092"
```

> This `ConfigMap` is installed in the Knative Eventing `SYSTEM_NAMESPACE` in the cluster. You can edit
> the global configuration depending on your needs. You can also override these settings on a
> per broker base, by providing a different `ConfigMap` on a different `namespace` on your
> Kafka Broker's `spec.config` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `ConfigMap` is installed in the Knative Eventing `SYSTEM_NAMESPACE` in the cluster. You can edit
the global configuration depending on your needs. You can also override these settings on a
per broker base, by referencing a different `ConfigMap` on a different `namespace` or with a
different `name` on your Kafka Broker's `spec.config` field.
```
